README_en.md, before:

<div align="center">

# STANKIN Schedule

**Unofficial application for MSTU "STANKIN" students**

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-3.0.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/overklassniy/STANKIN_Schedule_app/releases/latest)
[![Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-8.0%2B-green.svg)](https://www.android.com/)
[![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-2.3.0-purple.svg)](https://kotlinlang.org/)
\
<img src=".info/icons/224x224.png" width="224" alt="STANKIN Schedule">

[🇷🇺 Русский](README.md) • [🇺🇸 English](README_en.md)

</div>

---

## About

**STANKIN Schedule** is an unofficial mobile application for MSTU "STANKIN" students that provides convenient access to class schedules, module journal, and university news directly from your smartphone.

This project is a fork of [ProjectPepega](https://github.com/Nikololoshka/ProjectPepega) – the original application that is no longer maintained by the author. The project has been revived and continues to evolve with improvements and new features.

### Key Features

- **Class Schedule** – view schedules with convenient day navigation
- **Module Journal** – access to grades and ratings
- **University News** – fresh news directly in the app
- **Home Screen Widget** – quick access to schedule without opening the app
- **Dark Theme** – comfortable use at any time of day
- **Schedule Import** – support for importing from various sources, including MSTU "STANKIN" Moodle

---

## Download

<div align="center">

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/RuStore-Download-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=android" height="60">](https://www.rustore.ru/catalog/app/com.overklassniy.stankinschedule)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Release-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" height="60">](https://github.com/overklassniy/STANKIN_Schedule_app/releases/latest)

</div>

---

## Screenshots

<div align="center">

| Main | Schedule | Journal |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| <img src=".info/screenshots/main.png" width="300" alt="Main"> | <img src=".info/screenshots/schedule_day.png" width="300" alt="Schedule"> | <img src=".info/screenshots/modules.png" width="300" alt="Journal"> |

| Schedule List | Widget |
|:---:|:---:|
| <img src=".info/screenshots/schedules.png" width="300" alt="Schedule List"> | <img src=".info/screenshots/widget.png" width="300" alt="Widget"> |

</div>

---

## Technologies

The application is built on modern Android development technologies:

- **Kotlin 2.3.0** – modern programming language
- **Jetpack Compose** – declarative UI framework
- **Material Design 3** – modern design language
- **Hilt** – dependency injection
- **Room** – local database
- **Retrofit** – network requests
- **Firebase** – analytics and crash reporting
- **Coroutines** – asynchronous programming

---

## Development

### Requirements

- Android Studio Otter or newer
- JDK 21
- Android SDK 36
- Minimum Android version: 8.0 (API 26)
- Target Android version: 15 (API 35)

### Building the Project

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/overklassniy/STANKIN_Schedule_app.git
cd STANKIN_Schedule_app

# Build the project
./gradlew assembleDebug

# Or open in Android Studio
```

---

## Changelog

Full changelog is available in [CHANGELOG.md](changelog_en.md).

### Recent Updates

**Version 3.0.0** (25.01.26)
- Fixed schedule import functionality
- Added import from MSTU STANKIN Electronic Educational Environment (EES) repository
- Resumed functionality after discontinuation of the main application

---

## Authors

- **Original Project** – [Nikololoshka](https://github.com/Nikololoshka) (ProjectPepega)
- **Current Fork** – [overklassniy](https://github.com/overklassniy)

---

## Disclaimer

This is an unofficial application. The application is provided "as is" without any warranties.

---

<div align="center">

**Made by students – for STANKIN students**

</div>

Commit message:

fix: исправлен вылет при долгом нажатии и добавлены вкладки новостей
- Исправлен вылет при долгом нажатии на расписание;
- Добавлены вкладки новостей на главном экране (Университет и Деканат);
- Добавлена загрузка новостей деканата с API old.stankin.ru;
- Исправлен URL для новостей деканата.

README_en.md, after:

<div align="center">

# STANKIN Schedule

**Unofficial application for MSTU "STANKIN" students**

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-3.1.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/overklassniy/STANKIN_Schedule_app/releases/latest)
[![Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-8.0%2B-green.svg)](https://www.android.com/)
[![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-2.3.0-purple.svg)](https://kotlinlang.org/)
\
<img src=".info/icons/224x224.png" width="224" alt="STANKIN Schedule">

[🇷🇺 Русский](README.md) • [🇺🇸 English](README_en.md)

</div>

---

## About

**STANKIN Schedule** is an unofficial mobile application for MSTU "STANKIN" students that provides convenient access to class schedules, module journal, and university news directly from your smartphone.

This project is a fork of [ProjectPepega](https://github.com/Nikololoshka/ProjectPepega) – the original application that is no longer maintained by the author. The project has been revived and continues to evolve with improvements and new features.

### Key Features

- **Class Schedule** – view schedules with convenient day navigation
- **Module Journal** – access to grades and ratings
- **University News** – fresh news directly in the app
- **Home Screen Widget** – quick access to schedule without opening the app
- **Dark Theme** – comfortable use at any time of day
- **Schedule Import** – support for importing from various sources, including MSTU "STANKIN" Moodle

## Download

<div align="center">

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/RuStore-Download-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=android" height="60">](https://www.rustore.ru/catalog/app/com.overklassniy.stankinschedule)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Release-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" height="60">](https://github.com/overklassniy/STANKIN_Schedule_app/releases/latest)

</div>

---

## Screenshots

<div align="center">

| Main | Schedule | Journal |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| <img src=".info/screenshots/main.png" width="300" alt="Main"> | <img src=".info/screenshots/schedule_day.png" width="300" alt="Schedule"> | <img src=".info/screenshots/modules.png" width="300" alt="Journal"> |

| Schedule List | Widget |
|:---:|:---:|
| <img src=".info/screenshots/schedules.png" width="300" alt="Schedule List"> | <img src=".info/screenshots/widget.png" width="300" alt="Widget"> |

</div>

---

## Technologies

The application is built on modern Android development technologies:

- **Kotlin 2.3.0** – modern programming language
- **Jetpack Compose** – declarative UI framework
- **Material Design 3** – modern design language
- **Hilt** – dependency injection
- **Room** – local database
- **Retrofit** – network requests
- **Firebase** – analytics and crash reporting
- **Coroutines** – asynchronous programming

## Development

### Requirements

- Android Studio Otter or newer
- JDK 21
- Android SDK 36
- Minimum Android version: 8.0 (API 26)
- Target Android version: 15 (API 35)

### Building the Project

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/overklassniy/STANKIN_Schedule_app.git
cd STANKIN_Schedule_app

# Build the project
./gradlew assembleDebug

# Or open in Android Studio
```

---

## Changelog

Full changelog is available in [CHANGELOG.md](changelog_en.md).

### Recent Updates

**Version 3.1.0** (26.01.26)
- Fixed crash when long-pressing on schedule;
- Added news tabs on home screen (University and Dean office);
- Added dean's office news loading from old.stankin.ru API;
- Fixed URL for dean's office news.

## Authors

- **Original Project** – [Nikololoshka](https://github.com/Nikololoshka) (ProjectPepega)
- **Current Fork** – [overklassniy](https://github.com/overklassniy)

## Disclaimer

This is an unofficial application. The application is provided "as is" without any warranties.

---

<div align="center">

**Made by students – for STANKIN students**

</div>
